Comment blog broken link due to rebranding (#10)
wintercms/wn-pages-plugin: README.md

## See also

> <!--Read the [Getting started with Static Pages](https://wintercms.com/blog/post/getting-started-static-pages) tutorial in the Blog.-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Getting started with Static Pages](https://octobercms.com/blog/post/getting-started-static-pages) tutorial in the October CMS Blog.
```
